DOC-2194: add fix documentation for TINY-10268 in the 6.7.2 Release notes (#2951)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7.2-release-notes.adoc

=== List items containing a nested list between two text caused some list operations to fail.
// TINY-10268
Previously, when the editor encounter's a list inside an `<li>` element, the editor would only account for scenarios where the list is either the first or last element within the `<li>`. In such cases, {productname} would treat the content contained within the `<li>` as plain HTML, disregarding any nested lists.

Consequently, when dealing with a structure like the following:

[source,html]
----
<ul>
  <li>
    <p>A</p>
    <ul>
      <li>L1</li>
      <li>L2</li>
    </ul>
    <p>B</p>
  </li>
</ul>
----

the editor would encounter problems when attempting to apply list-related actions, such as indentation, to the inner list.

{productname} 6.7.2 addresses this issue, now, when an `<li>` contains both non-list elements at its beginning and end, and also contains a nested list, the editor now will consider actions on the nested list independently, instead of treating the entire content as a single block.

> As a result, actions like indent and unindent a nested list works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the actions of indenting and unindenting a nested list now work as expected.
```
